-with this being said the message of the passages is not one of hostility towards religious instatutions but rather what they symbolize in
the passage which could be a strutured and ordered society.

Irony is used in stories "Araby" by James Joyce and "A&P" by John Updike to demonstrate to the reader that most of the time fighting 
for a just cause can lead to serious consequences. The conclusions for "Araby" and "A&P" are not the
outcomes were not what the main character was hoping for nor was it most likely planned by the reader. 
For example in the story "Araby" the main characer is seen
crying at the end of the story beacuse of his faliure to buy his friend's sister a gift. Also the narrator of "Araby" describes the 
outcome of the event at the store as "The sad part of the story". In both these cases one can assume that the outcome was not desired as
the narrators reflect over the conclusion with a somber tone. One could also say that the conclusion was quite ironic as the passages did
not followed the common "Hero's Journey" plot sturucture, which usually has the main character achieving his goal. 
However this is not present in "Araby" where 
the boy fails and in "A&P" the main character does help the 3 girls but loses his job in the process and also recieves no thanks or
gratitude from the people that he helped. With this is mind the message of the passages could be that in reality things do not always
work out as planned. By using similar ironic twist the messages of both JamesJoyce and John Updike turn out to be more similar then
at first glance. They both attempt to sway the reader to have realistic expections and not fanatical ones by using ironic plot twist. They 
show that one should give his childish dreams as it will only lead to more suffering and heartbreak as seen by main characters.
As a result both short stories are very similar in their use of irony to convey a message to their audiences. 

1- Confindence and boldeness are some major charceristics that are brought out in the story. For example the main character consistantly
rebels against the mother's efforts to make her a prodigy. 

2- The relationship between the main character and her mother is one of both love and hate. The mother loves her daughter as seen when 
she constantly sets up the daugther with lessons such as those with Mr.Chong. However the daughter resents her mother as she claims she
does not love her for who she is. The daughter decides to resist her mother's efforts to make her a prodigy because she looked in the
mirror and seeing her "true" face, one of confience and determination.

3- The Mother can best be caracterized by her strong determination which at times can be a good and bad thing. She is simpathetic as seen 
by her constant sacrifices for her daugter, however she is unsimpathetheic in her attempts to make the daughter something that and at one
point slapped the main character when she argued with her mother. Towards the end of the story the main character feels remorse about how
she treated her mother.

4-Some general details that are presented about 1st and 2nd generations are that of desperation and determination. The mother had to leave 
behind everything to move to California and tries her best to make her daugther a prodigy, one can clearly seen that the mother was 
determined to make her daugther a prodigy but also desperate for she is all the mother has.

Community Gardens are very important to society because they allow people to do something that they find meaningful outside of 
their everyday life. Psychiatrist Dr. Viktor Frankl stated that “Life is never made unbearable by circumstances, but only by 
lack of meaning
and purpose.” This is important because many people are lacking true meaning and purpose in their everyday work. 
For instance Forbes stated that one of the top reasons people hate their jobs was that “They go to work every day and push a 
rock uphill, trying in vain to get forward motion on their projects. They're tired of pushing”.  Forbes’ allusion to the myth 
of Tartarus shows that, not only is it important to most people that there work is meaningful, but also a leading cause in 
employee resigns may be a result of the lack of meaning people find in their work. Community gardens can help fill this void of 
meaninglessness by allowing one to maintain gardens, which has been proven to successfully give one’s life purpose. By 
participating in community gardens, one can see his hard work and effort manifest itself into flowers or other plants, creating 
a feeling of accomplishment and satisfaction. As a result community gardens are important because they allow a person to 
receive the satisfaction of doing something meaningful outside of their work life, ultimately, according to Dr. Frankl, making 
their lives more enjoyable and fulfilling. 

